Simple counter script example (#694)
FuelLabs/sway-applications: README.md

> - [Name-Registry](./name-registry/) allows users to perform transactions with human readable names instead of addresses.
> - [Oracle](./oracle) is a smart contract that provides off-chain data to on-chain applications.
> - [Counter-Script](./counter-script/) is a tutorial for using scripts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Counter-Script](./counter-script/) is a script that calls a contract to increment a counter.
- [Name-Registry](./name-registry/) allows users to perform transactions with human readable names instead of addresses.
- [Oracle](./oracle) is a smart contract that provides off-chain data to on-chain applications.
```
